cloud: use aws dms to migrate mysql to tidb cloud (#11438)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-migration-overview.md

- Import sample data to TiDB Cloud

    You can import sample data to TiDB Cloud to quickly get familiar with the TiDB Cloud interface and the import process. For more information, see [Import Sample Data to TiDB Cloud](/tidb-cloud/import-sample-data.md).

- Import CSV files from Amazon S3 or GCS into TiDB Cloud

    You can import CSV files from Amazon S3 or GCS into TiDB Cloud. For more information, see [Import CSV Files from Amazon S3 or GCS into TiDB Cloud](/tidb-cloud/import-csv-files.md).

- Import Apache Parquet files from Amazon S3 or GCS into TiDB Cloud

    You can import Parquet files from Amazon S3 or GCS into TiDB Cloud. For more information, see [Import Apache Parquet Files from Amazon S3 or GCS into TiDB Cloud](/tidb-cloud/import-parquet-files.md).

## Reference

### Configure Amazon S3 access and GCS access

If your source data is stored in Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage (GCS) buckets, before importing or migrating the data to TiDB Cloud, you need to configure access to the buckets. For more information, see [Configure Amazon S3 access and GCS access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md).

> ### Naming Conventions for Data Import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Naming conventions for data import
```

> To make sure that your data is imported successfully, you need to prepare schema files and data files that conforms to the naming conventions. For more information, see [Naming Conventions for Data Import](/tidb-cloud/naming-conventions-for-data-import.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure that your data can be imported successfully, you need to prepare schema files and data files that conform to the naming conventions. For more information, see [Naming Conventions for Data Import](/tidb-cloud/naming-conventions-for-data-import.md).
```
